feat: add simpler w3c correlation support for az func eventhubs (#353)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/preview/02-Features/02-message-handling/04-event-hubs-azure-functions.md

﻿---
title: "Azure EventHubs message handling for Azure Functions"
layout: default
---

This article describes how you can use Arcus' message handler concept with Azure Functions; allowing you to more easily port your business logic from/to Azure Functions.

# Azure EventHubs message handling for Azure Functions

> Our EventHubs message pump system provides a way to receive, route, and handle incoming events, but this is not needed in an Azure Functions environment.

Reviewer: Only receiving is not needed in an Azure Functions environment ?

Author: Changed to only receiving 👍

> Today, Azure Functions acts as a message receiver meaning that the function is triggered when an event is available but does not handle message routing and handling. In this case, it acts as the message pump.

Reviewer: I do not entirely agree with this.  Azure Functions are triggered when an event is received: ok.  But, an Azure Function allows you to handle that event / message of course.  However, it does not provide an out-of-the-box way to provide clean implementations for different ways of handling messages.
Therefore, I'd restructure the sentence like this:

```suggestion
Today, Azure Functions acts as a message receiver meaning that the function is triggered when an event is available.  Azure Functions has no out-of-the-box way to provide a clean implementation for handling different types of messages that are received.  If you want to do that, you'll need to write all plumbing code yourself.  With `Arcus.Messaging`, we provide this for you so that you can focus on writing the actual business logic.
```

Author: Ok! 👍

﻿---
title: "Azure EventHubs message handling for Azure Functions"
layout: default
---

This article describes how you can use Arcus' message handler concept with Azure Functions; allowing you to more easily port your business logic from/to Azure Functions.

# Azure EventHubs message handling for Azure Functions

> While our default message pump system provides a way to receive, route, and handle incoming EventHubs messages which are, unfortunately, not supported in Azure Functions.

Author: Removed 'while' and restructured it.

> Today, Azure Functions acts as a message receiver meaning that the function is triggered when a message is available but does not handle message routing and handling. However, in this case, it acts as the message pump.

Reviewer: With the first part of the sentence, are you referring to the 'standard' azure functions implementations ?
And in the second sentence, (the one that starts with 'however', what is 'it' referring to ? .

Author: Removed 'however' and restructured it.

Following terms are used:
- **Message handler**: implementation that processes the received message from an Azure EventHubs subscription. Message handlers are created by implementing the `IAzureEventHubsMessageHandler<TMessage>`. This message handler will be called upon when a message is available on the Azure EventHubs subscription.
- **Message router**: implementation that delegates the received Azure EventHubs message to the correct message handler.

> That's why we extracted our message routing functionality so you can call it directly from your Azure Function.

Reviewer: That's why refers to a reason, but I cannot find the reason ?

Author: Removed sentence as it wasn't bringing any added-value. 👍

![Azure Functions message handling](/media/az-func-eventhubs-message-handling.png)

We will walk you through the process of using message handlers with Azure Functions:

## Installation
To use the following described features, install the following package:
```shell
PM > Install-Package -Name Arcus.Messaging.AzureFunctions.EventHubs
```

## Receive Azure EventHubs message in an Azure Function
Here's an example of how an Azure Function receives an Azure EventHubs message from a topic:

```csharp
public class SensorReadingFunction
{
    [Function("sensor-reading")]
    public async Task Run(
        [EventHubTrigger("sensors", Connection = "EventHubsConnectionString")] string[] messages,
        Dictionary<string, JsonElement>[] propertiesArray,
        FunctionContext context)
    {
        // Processing events...
    }
}
```

## Declaring our Azure EventHubs message handlers

> Registering message handlers to process the EventHubs message happens just the same as using a message pump.

Reviewer: With 'message pump', are you referring to how we are handling / routing ServiceBus messages ?
Maybe we should simplify this sentence, and not refer to the 'message pump'.
Something like

> Registering message handlers to process the EventHubs events is fairly easy to do.  Here is an example on how you can register message-handlers in your Function:

(Actually, I believe that the MS docs always talk about events instead of messages, when covering eventhubs).

Author: Changed the sentence with your proposal and updated 'messages' to 'events'.
